Felix attention with Nervo mobilizes
curbelo also sea ​​with is the center
against the road entered erbol the clearance
Acevedo insists saldivia before
the arsenal
could not much acevedo in search central
the center of acevedo comes to the area
abreu that lowers it through the middle valence
high
the central rosary
the truck looked for a tie to face the
92 minutes of the second half by damián
central musto 1
to look for paulo ferrari and then
Pablo Becker proposes the PP hook
Becker follows Becker Gambetea Becker the
touch for valencia
the unusual I want Valencia but
all things can pablo becker
imposing definition of valència el
player must be prior to launching the
definition of valència as much as the goal
Central conference time 2 arsenal 1
the brand opens a success cleanly and goes
against the entrance to the one who drives
Sunday
24 the domingue handle but it's for
valencia the cries the cries the
shouting the gas screams
several central bonanza morocho that
a single valence at 42 minutes
second time Joseph did not define anything for
central valencia 3 arsenal 1 what a great goal
God free me valencia
if you liked the video now I like it
comment
and subscribe is a humble central each
once he plays